The first one let me hum
Count him Du Xinghe has a vision
But I'm always a little uneasy
After all, Tang Yao, you
Just thinking too much
The script has been sent to me, so what's the point?
I think Tang's is like that, right?
Tang Yao, what are you doing here?
Of course I came to see the jokes
You should worry more about yourself
I see your relationship with your baby
Not so good
He just returned to China.
Don't know anything
Or else reveal it to him
Just wait for Tamagawa to return to the peak
Squeezing you to death is as easy as pinching an ant to death
You still have air traffic.
Did you read the script?
That's not possible.
Teacher Song, your play is very simple
You play a phoenix man with a good heart
Driving his pregnant wife to the hospital
A serious car accident occurs halfway through
Car crash
Why is this plot the same as Tang Zhengchu?
Ah, I don't shoot anymore, Mr. Song, what's wrong with you?
Yeah. What's wrong with you?
Tang Yao
You hurt me again
How could it be? Best Actor Song
I was sent by the director
Play your pregnant wife
Okay, get ready for 321 stupid
Let's die together later, no
It's up to you.
No, I'm not shooting, I'm not shooting
Yuchao Yuchao